---
title: "Letter to the Churches in Babylon"
date: 02-08-2026
---

Christopher, a plain Bible preacher of Jesus Christ and a homeless brother crying out in the wilderness, delivering a biblical message from God to the churches that are in Babylon.

I'm writing to you under the burden of your imminent death, knowing that if I don't sound the trumpet of warning and you die in your sins, your guilty blood will be on my hands. I've been sent by our Lord Jesus Christ to proclaim the truth and to contend with you over your faith in Him, even to dispute with your elders over their doctrines and behavior, but never to engage in the deceptive practice of apologetics, which is the ancient Greek philosophical study of false gods called theology, which is to teach the ideas of men as the word of God, which is the blasphemous offense of the Pharisees called rabbinism, which is the disobedient way of the serpent, which is to twist holy scripture and the word of God to defend and attack arguments, which is vain reading.

Plain reading is to humble yourself in God's sight, putting aside all argumentation, vain imagination and philosophies of men, honestly seeking the coherence of the truth by sound exegesis, knowing context and intent by studying all of scripture. I preach the #plainreading.

Fear God Almighty our Father in heaven, and humble yourself in His sight, if you seek the wisdom of God rather than the vain inventions of men, and plainly hear His word of truth. In the beginning, God created the heaven, earth and sea, and everything therein, by speaking His word, and the earth is filled with His glory. In the beginning of the new heaven and earth soon to come, the word of God walked among us in the flesh, the man Jesus Christ, God's only Son born of a virgin mother, making God the only Father of Jesus. Though He was tempted in every way as we are, Jesus never sinned, but rather resisted the devil by trusting God's word and glorifying God our Father for training Him up in the Way He should go, and He will never depart from it. Jesus is the Lamb without blemish slain by the world, even God's own people, and the willing and perfect sacrifice given by God to save anyone in the world who would freely choose to repent, depart from evil and follow Him. Being thereby forgiven and washed clean by the precious living blood of the Lamb, we the saints are holy and fit to present our own bodies as living sacrifices to God by following Jesus Christ. Our faith is in His resurrection from the dead and His exaltation to the right hand of God, even to rule over the angels. Our hope is in His return to crush the powers of darkness in high places and to reign over all the nations in righteousness, ruling over a new heaven and earth for one thousand years. Jesus Christ is now creating this new world to come by building His holy city using the precious living stones of His church, His saints, establishing His glorious kingdom on earth as it is now in heaven, and as it shall be forever.

Love God with all you've got. Be willing to give away everything you love in this world to help the poor, the fatherless, the widow and the stranger, never looking for a transactional return on investment, but rather seeking after and loving the weakest sheep in the flock of Jesus Christ. Help the least of our brothers and sisters in the church, gathering the cold and hungry to the warmth and bread in your homes. Be the hands of God's Spirit of love lifting up the meek and the poor in spirit, blessing them as Jesus promised they would be blessed. Serve the last in this world first in the church, giving them the greater honor, as it shall be in the kingdom of heaven forever.

Obey God always, because you love Him and desire to prove yourself worthy to receive His faith in you, never wanting to disappoint or grieve your perfect Father by turning back to sin and defiling yourself in mind, body and spirit. Sinners work only iniquity, being the children of Satan and the enemies of Jesus Christ. Those who teach and follow the doctrines of disobedience deceive themselves and choose to crucify the Son of God over and over again with every free choice to sin, proving that their love and fear of God is selfishness and vanity. Their repentance is false and only leads them to greater condemnation and destruction. The obedient spirit is one with the Spirit of Christ and one with the Holy Spirit of God, as it shall be forever.

Worship Jesus Christ as your worthy King and Master day and night. Serve Jesus as willing slaves who sing new songs of praise as adopted sons and daughters of God. Prove your faith and justification before our holy God by your works of sacrificial love. Baptize and serve the least among us while making a joyful sound. Share the bread and cup of Christ with those worthy to receive it, showing His sacrifice for us until He returns. Serve as a royal priest under our High Priest Jesus Christ forever.

Judge righteously, keeping watch day and night. Sound the alarm if any slight danger is found near the flock of Jesus Christ. Conform your judgment to God's judgment without hypocrisy, thereby making your judgment righteous and true. Do not spread the leaven of philosophical argumentation like unbelievers do, which is hypocrisy and disobedience, ungodliness disguised as the wisdom of God. Cast out the doctrinaires of disobedience and have no respect for the words of those whose judgment is rendered worthless by their evil and deceiving hearts. Offer to God the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. The righteous judgment of the saints binds and looses in heaven what we bind and loose on earth, which is the accomplishment of God's will working through our faith in Jesus Christ.

By these measures, all the churches on earth have failed and need to repent. I judge you without hypocrisy. My judgment requires no explanation for those with the mind of Christ, and I won't entertain objections by giving a defense for it. This is righteous judgment, not opinion. The churches have gone dark and the sheep stumble in disobedience, unable to judge righteously and most wandering off to perdition. The sheepfolds of Jesus are now overrun by vermin and wolves who listen to serpents, and vile things too shameful to describe. The churches have fallen into spiritual whoredoms like so many of God's people that have departed from our Father to go into the world and pursue their carnal lusts, giving themselves over to Satan. God's message to the churches today is the same as His gospel to everyone in the world:

Repent today, for the kingdom of God is at hand. Get over yourself, turn from your sins and follow Jesus Christ, and live, or you'll perish like all unrepentant sinners. You should turn from loving your sins and love God more. You should turn from the ungodly ways of death, and choose the one righteous Way of life in the living sacrifice of Jesus Christ.

I intend to visit the wayward churches in person, to bring the same message in the flesh that I'm conveying to you here in Spirit by the preaching of God's word.

Before God and the Lamb, let your Amen be Amen in word, thought and deed, forever and ever, in the holy name of Jesus Christ.
